1. What is docker host , docker image, docker container?

2. How to auto start the docker container?


3.How to limit the docker container to use only specific memory as CPU. (docker run command -find the options)

4.How to provide the static names for the docker containers?

5.How to rename docker containers?

6. How to open the port on the existing docker containers? is it possible?


7. How to get the Exited status ? How many status do we have?


8. What is diff b/w Virtualization and Containerzation? Is this the same?

9. Container is not starting with docker -dit .. command , How to rectify?

10. How to change the default docker network?

11. How many types of networks are available in docker>

12. What is docker tag.

13. How to start an application in docker container?

14. How to get a static ip:10.0.0.5 to my container?

15. Docker Registries list : ECR(Elastic container Registry)
ACR (Azure Container Registry)
GCR(Google Container Registry)
Nexus

Create your won images here

16.How to push images from one docker host to another docker host?

17. My container is continouly restarting? What should I do to fix it

18. Differences between docker and vm ware?

19. What is customized image

20. Can we communicate between two docker containers which are running in two docker hosts? 

21. Can we communicate between two containers which are running in the same docker host?

22. What is docker volume? HOw many ways we can create docker volume?

23. How to copy files from docker host to container and vice versa?

24. After updating the changes to the application container, to reflect those changes, what do we do?
-restart docker container

25. Unable to create a container? What could be the reason?


1) difference between add and copy ?
2) difference between CMD and entry point ?
3) ADD . .
4) what is docker file ?
5) how to check how many containers are running ?
6) docker logging driver ?
7) what is difference between bridge network and custom bridge network?
8) difference between overlay network and host network ?
9) what is port forwarding in docker what is the use of it ? 
10) how to login/enter to a container? 
11) what is docker system prune and docker image prune?
12) how many types of volumes are there in Docker? (Local and network)
13) How to check image vulnerabilty ? 


